README.md, before:

# Glass Morphism

The ultimate RGU theme, hassle free.

## Getting Started

Make sure to install the Stylus extension (which can be found here: https://chromewebstore.google.com/detail/stylus/clngdbkpkpeebahjckkjfobafhncgmne)

### Prerequisites

A subsription to RoGold Ultimate, with the extension fully setup. (buy a subscription here: https://rogold.live/ultimate#get-ultimate) and learn how to set it up, here: https://support.rogold.live/portal/en/kb/articles/getting-started 

### Installing

Install the stylus extension (linked above)

Install the theme via userstyles.world: https://userstyles.world/style/14077/rogold-ultimate-glassmorphism-full-release

### OR

Install the stylus extension (linked above)

Open main.css in Github

Open metadata.xml in Github

Navigate to roblox.com

Go to your extensions menu, and click the stylus icon

Click 'Write new style for site'

Paste the text from metadata.xml into the top box

Paste the text from main.css into the bottom box

Click save, and watch the theme come to life!

## Authors

* **valk_ryx** - *Theme CSS Designer* - [valk_ryx](https://github.com/valk-ryx)

* **Alex OP** - *Original Creator of RoGold Ultimate* - [alexop1000](https://github.com/alexop1000)

Commit message:

Added instructions for rgu-glassmorphism.user.styl

README.md, after:

# Glass Morphism

The ultimate RGU theme, hassle free.

## Getting Started

Make sure to install the Stylus extension (which can be found here: https://chromewebstore.google.com/detail/stylus/clngdbkpkpeebahjckkjfobafhncgmne)

### Prerequisites

A subsription to RoGold Ultimate, with the extension fully setup. (buy a subscription here: https://rogold.live/ultimate#get-ultimate) and learn how to set it up, here: https://support.rogold.live/portal/en/kb/articles/getting-started 

### Installing

Install the stylus extension (linked above)

Install the theme via userstyles.world: https://userstyles.world/style/14077/rogold-ultimate-glassmorphism-full-release

### OR

Install the stylus extension (linked above)

Open rgu-glassmorphism.user.styl through Github

Click the 'Raw' button

Click the 'Install' button (if a page doesn't automatically pop up, check if you installed Stylus correctly)

### OR

Install the stylus extension (linked above)

Open main.css in Github

Navigate to roblox.com

Go to your extensions menu, and click the stylus icon

Click 'Write new style for site'

Paste the text from main.css into the box

Name the style whatever you want

Click save, and watch the theme come to life!

## Authors

* **Valkryx** - *Theme CSS Designer* - [valk_ryx](https://github.com/valk-ryx)

* **Alex OP** - *Original Creator of RoGold Ultimate* - [alexop1000](https://github.com/alexop1000)
